Update build-open-source.md (#4522)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/build/build-open-source.md

**Maintenance Status**:

- 🟢 Actively maintained

> - 🟡 Stale (no activity (on main branch) for 1 month)
> - 🔴 Unmaintained (no activity (on main branch) for more than 3 months)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🟡 Stale (no activity on the main branch for one month)
- 🔴 Unmaintained (no activity on the main branch for more than three months)
```
